dfs.block.access.token.enable_issue_NameNode_2020-02-17-21-48.txt
dfs.block.access.token.enable%NameNode%org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testNflyClosestRepair%0%false true
dfs.block.access.token.enable%NameNode%org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testNflyClosestRepair%0%true false
dfs.block.access.token.enable%NameNode%org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testNflyClosestRepair%1%false true
dfs.block.access.token.enable%NameNode%org.apache.hadoop.fs.viewfs.TestViewFileSystemHdfs#testNflyClosestRepair%1%true false
dfs.block.access.token.enable%NameNode%org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.security.TestDelegationToken#testDTManagerInSafeMode%0%false true
dfs.block.access.token.enable%NameNode%org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.security.TestDelegationToken#testDTManagerInSafeMode%0%true false
dfs.block.access.token.enable%NameNode%org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.security.TestDelegationToken#testDTManagerInSafeMode%1%false true
dfs.block.access.token.enable%NameNode%org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.security.TestDelegationToken#testDTManagerInSafeMode%1%true false
dfs.block.access.token.enable%NameNode%org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancerWithHANameNodes#testBalancerWithHANameNodes%1%false true
dfs.block.access.token.enable%NameNode%org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancerWithHANameNodes#testBalancerWithHANameNodes%1%true false
dfs.block.access.token.enable%NameNode%org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHAMetrics#testHAInodeCount%0%false true
dfs.block.access.token.enable%NameNode%org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHAMetrics#testHAInodeCount%0%true false
dfs.block.access.token.enable%NameNode%org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHAMetrics#testHAInodeCount%1%false true
dfs.block.access.token.enable%NameNode%org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHAMetrics#testHAInodeCount%1%true false
dfs.block.access.token.enable%NameNode%org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHASafeMode#testAppendWhileInSafeMode%0%false true
dfs.block.access.token.enable%NameNode%org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHASafeMode#testAppendWhileInSafeMode%0%true false
dfs.block.access.token.enable%NameNode%org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHASafeMode#testAppendWhileInSafeMode%1%false true
dfs.block.access.token.enable%NameNode%org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestHASafeMode#testAppendWhileInSafeMode%1%true false

dfs.blockreport.incremental.intervalMsec_issue_DataNode_2020-02-18-02-45.txt
dfs.blockreport.incremental.intervalMsec%DataNode%org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.protocol.datatransfer.sasl.TestSaslDataTransfer#testAuthentication%1%0 1000
dfs.blockreport.incremental.intervalMsec%DataNode%org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.protocol.datatransfer.sasl.TestSaslDataTransfer#testIntegrity%1%0 1000
dfs.blockreport.incremental.intervalMsec%DataNode%org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.protocol.datatransfer.sasl.TestSaslDataTransfer#testNoSaslAndSecurePortsIgnored%1%0 1000
dfs.blockreport.incremental.intervalMsec%DataNode%org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.protocol.datatransfer.sasl.TestSaslDataTransfer#testPrivacy%1%0 1000
dfs.blockreport.incremental.intervalMsec%DataNode%org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFsck#testStoragePoliciesCK%1%0 1000

dfs.blockreport.intervalMsec_issue_DataNode_2020-02-18-03-08.txt
dfs.blockreport.intervalMsec%DataNode%org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.protocol.datatransfer.sasl.TestSaslDataTransfer#testAuthentication%1%21600000 2160000000
dfs.blockreport.intervalMsec%DataNode%org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.protocol.datatransfer.sasl.TestSaslDataTransfer#testIntegrity%1%21600000 2160000000
dfs.blockreport.intervalMsec%DataNode%org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.mover.TestMover#testMoverWithKeytabs%1%21600000 2160000000
dfs.blockreport.intervalMsec%DataNode%org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.mover.TestMover#testScheduleBlockWithinSameNode%1%21600000 2160000000
dfs.blockreport.intervalMsec%DataNode%org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.TestFsck#testStoragePoliciesCK%1%21600000 2160000000

dfs.bytes-per-checksum_issue_DataNode_2020-02-18-02-33.txt
dfs.bytes-per-checksum%DataNode%org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#testReadWriteUsingWebHdfs%1%512 8
dfs.bytes-per-checksum%DataNode%org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testReadWriteUsingWebHdfs%1%512 8

dfs.bytes-per-checksum_issue_NameNode_2020-02-18-02-16.txt
dfs.bytes-per-checksum%NameNode%org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#testReadWriteUsingWebHdfs%1%512 65536
dfs.bytes-per-checksum%NameNode%org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZones#testReadWriteUsingWebHdfs%1%512 8
dfs.bytes-per-checksum%NameNode%org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testReadWriteUsingWebHdfs%1%512 65536
dfs.bytes-per-checksum%NameNode%org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestEncryptionZonesWithKMS#testReadWriteUsingWebHdfs%1%512 8

dfs.datanode.cached-dfsused.check.interval.ms_issue_DataNode_2020-02-18-03-38.txt
dfs.datanode.cached-dfsused.check.interval.ms%DataNode%org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.command.TestDiskBalancerCommand#testDiskBalancerExecuteOptionPlanValidity%0%600000 60
dfs.datanode.cached-dfsused.check.interval.ms%DataNode%org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.command.TestDiskBalancerCommand#testPrintFullPathOfPlan%0%600000 60
dfs.datanode.cached-dfsused.check.interval.ms%DataNode%org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.command.TestDiskBalancerCommand#testRunMultipleCommandsUnderOneSetup%0%600000 60
dfs.datanode.cached-dfsused.check.interval.ms%DataNode%org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.TestDiskBalancer#testDiskBalancerEndToEnd%0%600000 60
dfs.datanode.cached-dfsused.check.interval.ms%DataNode%org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.diskbalancer.TestDiskBalancer#testDiskBalancerWhenRemovingVolumes%0%600000 60

dfs.datanode.cache.revocation.timeout.ms_issue_DataNode_2020-02-18-04-01.txt

dfs.encrypt.data.transfer_issue_DataNode_2020-02-18-00-21.txt
dfs.encrypt.data.transfer%DataNode%org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.protocol.datatransfer.sasl.TestSaslDataTransfer#testAuthentication%1%false true
dfs.encrypt.data.transfer%DataNode%org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.protocol.datatransfer.sasl.TestSaslDataTransfer#testAuthentication%1%true false
dfs.encrypt.data.transfer%DataNode%org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.protocol.datatransfer.sasl.TestSaslDataTransfer#testIntegrity%1%false true
dfs.encrypt.data.transfer%DataNode%org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.protocol.datatransfer.sasl.TestSaslDataTransfer#testIntegrity%1%true false
dfs.encrypt.data.transfer%DataNode%org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancerWithEncryptedTransfer#testEncryptedBalancer2%1%false true
dfs.encrypt.data.transfer%DataNode%org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancerWithEncryptedTransfer#testEncryptedBalancer2%1%true false
dfs.encrypt.data.transfer%DataNode%org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancerWithSaslDataTransfer#testBalancer0Authentication%0%false true
dfs.encrypt.data.transfer%DataNode%org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancerWithSaslDataTransfer#testBalancer0Authentication%0%true false
dfs.encrypt.data.transfer%DataNode%org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancerWithSaslDataTransfer#testBalancer0Authentication%1%false true
dfs.encrypt.data.transfer%DataNode%org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancerWithSaslDataTransfer#testBalancer0Authentication%1%true false
dfs.encrypt.data.transfer%DataNode%org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancerWithSaslDataTransfer#testBalancer0Integrity%0%false true
dfs.encrypt.data.transfer%DataNode%org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancerWithSaslDataTransfer#testBalancer0Integrity%0%true false
dfs.encrypt.data.transfer%DataNode%org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancerWithSaslDataTransfer#testBalancer0Integrity%1%false true
dfs.encrypt.data.transfer%DataNode%org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancerWithSaslDataTransfer#testBalancer0Integrity%1%true false

dfs.encrypt.data.transfer_issue_NameNode_2020-02-17-23-14.txt
dfs.encrypt.data.transfer%NameNode%org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.protocol.datatransfer.sasl.TestSaslDataTransfer#testAuthentication%1%false true
dfs.encrypt.data.transfer%NameNode%org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.protocol.datatransfer.sasl.TestSaslDataTransfer#testAuthentication%1%true false
dfs.encrypt.data.transfer%NameNode%org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.protocol.datatransfer.sasl.TestSaslDataTransfer#testIntegrity%1%false true
dfs.encrypt.data.transfer%NameNode%org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.protocol.datatransfer.sasl.TestSaslDataTransfer#testIntegrity%1%true false
dfs.encrypt.data.transfer%NameNode%org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancerWithEncryptedTransfer#testEncryptedBalancer2%1%false true
dfs.encrypt.data.transfer%NameNode%org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancerWithEncryptedTransfer#testEncryptedBalancer2%1%true false
dfs.encrypt.data.transfer%NameNode%org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancerWithSaslDataTransfer#testBalancer0Authentication%0%false true
dfs.encrypt.data.transfer%NameNode%org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancerWithSaslDataTransfer#testBalancer0Authentication%0%true false
dfs.encrypt.data.transfer%NameNode%org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancerWithSaslDataTransfer#testBalancer0Authentication%1%false true
dfs.encrypt.data.transfer%NameNode%org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancerWithSaslDataTransfer#testBalancer0Authentication%1%true false
dfs.encrypt.data.transfer%NameNode%org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancerWithSaslDataTransfer#testBalancer0Integrity%0%false true
dfs.encrypt.data.transfer%NameNode%org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancerWithSaslDataTransfer#testBalancer0Integrity%0%true false
dfs.encrypt.data.transfer%NameNode%org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancerWithSaslDataTransfer#testBalancer0Integrity%1%false true
dfs.encrypt.data.transfer%NameNode%org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.balancer.TestBalancerWithSaslDataTransfer#testBalancer0Integrity%1%true false

dfs.ha.tail-edits.max-txns-per-lock_issue_NameNode_2020-02-18-02-43.txt

dfs.image.compress_issue_NameNode_2020-02-18-01-32.txt
dfs.image.compress%NameNode%org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestStandbyCheckpoints#testBothNodesInStandbyState%1%false true
dfs.image.compress%NameNode%org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.ha.TestStandbyCheckpoints#testBothNodesInStandbyState%1%true false

dfs.image.string-tables.expanded_issue_NameNode_2020-02-18-01-40.txt
dfs.image.string-tables.expanded%NameNode%org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSUpgradeFromImage#testUpgradeFromRel023ReservedImage%0%false true
dfs.image.string-tables.expanded%NameNode%org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSUpgradeFromImage#testUpgradeFromRel023ReservedImage%0%true false
dfs.image.string-tables.expanded%NameNode%org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSUpgradeFromImage#testUpgradeFromRel023ReservedImage%1%false true
dfs.image.string-tables.expanded%NameNode%org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSUpgradeFromImage#testUpgradeFromRel023ReservedImage%1%true false
dfs.image.string-tables.expanded%NameNode%org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSUpgradeFromImage#testUpgradeFromRel1ReservedImage%0%false true
dfs.image.string-tables.expanded%NameNode%org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSUpgradeFromImage#testUpgradeFromRel1ReservedImage%0%true false
dfs.image.string-tables.expanded%NameNode%org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSUpgradeFromImage#testUpgradeFromRel1ReservedImage%1%false true
dfs.image.string-tables.expanded%NameNode%org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSUpgradeFromImage#testUpgradeFromRel1ReservedImage%1%true false
dfs.image.string-tables.expanded%NameNode%org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSUpgradeFromImage#testUpgradeFromRel2ReservedImage%0%false true
dfs.image.string-tables.expanded%NameNode%org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSUpgradeFromImage#testUpgradeFromRel2ReservedImage%0%true false
dfs.image.string-tables.expanded%NameNode%org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSUpgradeFromImage#testUpgradeFromRel2ReservedImage%1%false true
dfs.image.string-tables.expanded%NameNode%org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.TestDFSUpgradeFromImage#testUpgradeFromRel2ReservedImage%1%true false

